h1. redis-keyspace

h3. Similar in use to Ruby's "redis-namespace":https://github.com/defunkt/redis-namespace for node.

h2. Install
	
bc. npm install redis redis-keyspace  # will also install the redis adapter
or
npm install hiredis redis redis-keyspace  # will also install the high performance redis C adapter

h2. Use

p. Use this library just as you would "node_redis":https://github.com/mranney/node_redis
    
bc. redis_keyspace = require('redis-keyspace')
client = redis_keyspace.createClient('your_keyspace')
client.set('KOO', 'DOO', (err, reply) -> console.log( 'set reply: ' + reply + " err: " + err ))
client.get('KOO', (err, reply) -> console.log( 'get reply: ' + reply + " err: " + err ))

p. Or with multiple keyspaces from same client

bc. redis = require("redis")
redis_client = redis.createClient( 6379, '127.0.0.1')
redis_keyspace = require('redis-keyspace')
keyspace_A = redis_keyspace.createKeyspace( 'keyspace_A', redis_client)
keyspace_B = redis_keyspace.createKeyspace( 'keyspace_B', redis_client)

h3. Initialization

p. With defaults: 

bc. client = redis_keyspace.createClient('your_keyspace')
or
client = redis_keyspace.createKeyspace('your_keyspace')

p. With options:

bc. client = redis_keyspace.createClient('your_keyspace', 6380, '192.168.168.100')
or
client = redis_keyspace.createKeyspace('your_keyspace', redis.createClient( 6380, '192.168.168.100'))


h3. Thanks

p. This is a CoffeeScript spinoff of "node-redis-namespace":https://github.com/arschles/node-redis-namespace from "Aaron Schlesinger":https://github.com/arschles.
